VSO CSI driver documentation (#691)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/docs/deploy/kubernetes/csi/configurations.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider configurations
description: >-
   Learn about the command line arguments and the secret provider class parameters supported by the Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider.
---

> # Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Vault Secrets Store CSI provider configurations
```

> The following command line arguments are supported by the Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command line arguments are supported by the Vault Secrets Store CSI provider.
```

  for connecting to Vault. Can also be specified via the `VAULT_ADDR` environment
  variable. **Note:** It is highly recommended to only set the Vault address when
  installing the helm chart. The helm chart will install Vault Agent as a sidecar

>   to the Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider for caching and renewals, but setting `-vault-addr`
>   here will cause the Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider to bypass the Agent's cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to the Vault Secrets Store CSI provider for caching and renewals. Setting `-vault-addr`
  here causes the Vault Secrets Store CSI provider to bypass the Vault Agent cache.
```
I'm assuming Vault Agent is the "Agent" mentioned in this section?

- `vaultAddress` `(string: "")` - The address of the Vault server. **Note:** It is
  highly recommended to only set the Vault address when installing the helm chart.

>   The helm chart will install Vault Agent as a sidecar to the Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider
>   for caching and renewals, but setting `vaultAddress` here will cause the Vault Secrets Store CSI Provider to bypass the Agent's cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The helm chart installs Vault Agent as a sidecar to the Vault Secrets Store CSI provider
  for caching and renewals. Setting `vaultAddress` here causes the Vault Secrets Store CSI provider to bypass the Vault Agent cache.
```
